Flow-->Flow is the exact amount of material flowing thorugh the edge
Capacity-->Capacity is the maximum amount of material that can flow through the edge
Residual Capacity-->Residual Capacity is the amount of material that can still flow through the edge
                 -->Residual Capacity =Total Capacity - Flow
Augmented Path-->Augmented Path is a path from source to sink such that all the edges in the path have positive residual capacity

FORD FULKERSON ALGORITHM
1) Flow cannot exceed capacity of an edge.
2) Flow into a node is equal to flow out of a node, except for source and sink.
3) Maximum flow from source to sink is equal to edge with minimum weight in the augmented path.
4) Any path should have a non zero backward edge and a non full forward edge.

Algorithm:
1) Setup the directed residual graph with edge capacity = original graph weight.
2) Initialize the variable maxflow = 0
3) while(there is an augmented path from source to sink)
    {
        find the minimum residual capacity/edge weight in the augmented path = f
        decrease the residual capacity of the forward edges by f
        increase the residual capacity of the backward edges by f
        update the maxflow (maxflow = maxflow + f)
    }
4) return maxflow

Example dry run for the above algorithm:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiN3jRdgxU4

Here, we use dfs to find the augmented path from source to sink.
Usage of bfs in Ford Fulkerson Algorithm is also called as Edmonds Karp Algorithm.

MIN CUT PROBLEM
1) In a flow network, an S-T cut is a cut that requires the source and the sink to be in different subsets. S is the source component whereas T is the sink component. It consists of all the edges going from the source component to the sink component.
2) The capacity of an S-T cut is defined by the sum of the capacity of each edge in the cut-set.
3) The minimum cut problem is to find the S-T cut with the smallest capacity. We use Ford Fulkerson Algorithm to solve this problem:
    a) Run the Ford Fulkerson Algorithm and calculate the final residual graph.
    b) Find the set of values that are reachable from the source in the residual graph.
    c) All the edges which are non reachable vertex from a reachable vertex are the edges that form the min cut-set.